Describe the new changes in the row selection event arguments (#3507)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/grids_templates/remote-data-operations.md

    * Row Expand/collapse
    * Row Editing
    * Row Pinning

> - When the grid has a `primaryKey` set in remote data scenarios, `rowSelectionChanging.oldSelection` event argument will not contain the full row data object for the rows that are currently out of the current data view. In this case,  `rowSelectionChanging.oldSelection` object will contain only one property, which is the `primaryKey` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  In remote data scenarios, when the grid has a `primaryKey` set, `rowSelectionChanging.oldSelection` event argument will not contain the full row data object for the rows that are currently out of the data view. In this case, `rowSelectionChanging.oldSelection` object will contain only one property, which is the `primaryKey` field. For the rest of the rows, currently in the data view, `rowSelectionChanging.oldSelection` will contain the whole row data.
```

> - When the grid has a `primaryKey` set in remote data scenarios and rowSelection feature is enabled, you should keep in mind that `rowSelectionChanging` event argument will not be able to retrieve the row data for the rows that are currently out of the current data view. In this case will be emitted only a partial object of row data that consist of the primaryKey and its value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When the grid has a `primaryKey` set in remote data scenarios, `rowSelectionChanging.oldSelection` event argument will not contain the full row data object for the rows that are currently out of the current data view. In this case,  `rowSelectionChanging.oldSelection` object will contain only one property, which is the `primaryKey` field.
```
